remove the benchmark files for earlier releases (#20462)
pingcap/docs: faq/manage-cluster-faq.md

- NUMA: no specific suggestion; for memory allocation strategy, you can use `interleave = all`
- File system: ext4

### Can Raft + multiple replicas in the TiKV architecture achieve absolute data safety?

Data is redundantly replicated between TiKV nodes using the [Raft Consensus Algorithm](https://raft.github.io/) to ensure recoverability should a node failure occur. Only when the data has been written into more than 50% of the replicas will the application return ACK (two out of three nodes).

> Because theoretically two nodes might crash, data written to TiKV is flushed to the raft-log by default starting from v5.0. If a crash occurs, you can recover the KV data using the raft-log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because theoretically two nodes might crash, data written to TiKV is flushed to the raft-log by default starting from v5.0. If a crash occurs, the KV data can recover from the raft-log automatically.
```
